collection roles dont support plugins (#79243)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/playbook_guide/playbooks_reuse_roles.rst

Embedding modules and plugins in roles
======================================

.. note::

>     This applies to standalone roles, roles inside collections do not support having their own plugins, they must use the collection's structure for such plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This applies only to standalone roles. Roles in collections do not support plugin embedding; they must use the collection's ``plugins`` structure to distribute plugins.
```
